docs: Update onboarding docs (#7717)
meltano/meltano: docs/src/_cloud/onboarding.md

## Prereqs

### Prereq #1: Sign up for the waitlist

While Meltano Cloud is in Beta, you must sign up via [the waitlist](https://meltano.com/cloud/) in order to gain access.

> Waitlist members are added to Meltano Cloud on a rolling basis. You'll receive an email once you've been added.

Reviewer: We don't have an automated way to send emails yet. Just a callout.

Waitlist members are added to Meltano Cloud on a rolling basis. You'll receive an email once you've been added.

### Prereq #2: Provide access to your repo

Click the following link to install the [Meltano Cloud GitHub App](https://github.com/apps/meltano-cloud) to your organization.
When asked "Where do you want to install this app?" you _must_ select your GitHub organization, not your personal account.
When asked which repositories to provide the app access to, select your GitHub project repo.

> ### Prereq #2: Creating a test or sandbox environment

Reviewer 2: Is this step required by users? It seems like more of a best practice than a prereq if its a recommendation. Although the line "..can be used by Meltano Cloud to test that all jobs are working as expected" makes me think that Meltano Cloud is doing something automated during onboarding to tests that jobs and schedules run. I would guess we're not doing anything fancy yet though.

Reviewer 3: I think we could move this to a different section (maybe in a separate PR). If they're onboarding to cloud they presumably already have a project so they may not need to do this.

Author: @pnadolny13 @tayloramurphy thanks for the callout. In our private beta onboarding, I know a lot of customers didn't actually have a project ready when they began onboarding. I was thinking this would also likely be the case moving forward, so chose to leave this in. What do you think about maybe removing this section and instead just linking to our "Getting started" docs for Meltano core? I think it's worth calling out that you need to actually have a Meltano project set up in order to run it on Cloud but I also think that our existing Meltano core docs provide a better walkthrough of that.

default_environment: dev
```

> ### Prereq #4: Create schedules if needed
> 
> If your project does not yet have schedules defined - for instance, if you are running workloads via an external orchestrator - you'll want to create new schedules for use by Meltano Cloud.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Prereq #4: Define your schedules

Meltano Cloud uses the [schedules](https://docs.meltano.com/concepts/project#schedules) defined in your meltano.yml project file to run workloads.

If your project does not yet have schedules defined - for instance, if you are running workloads via an external orchestrator - you'll want to create new schedules for use by Meltano Cloud.
```

The above commands will install a `meltano-cloud` CLI command into your workstation.

### Step 2: Login to Meltano Cloud

> Login to Meltano Cloud by running `meltano-cloud login` in your local terminal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Login to Meltano Cloud by running the `meltano-cloud login` [command](https://docs.meltano.com/cloud/cloud-cli#login) in your local terminal.
```

@cjohnhanson what do you think about adding CLI command reference links to each of these so they can dive deeper if needed.

Author: @pnadolny13 I think that's a really good idea. Thanks for adding the suggested changes, I'll go through and double check any remaining commands and add the links.

> Login to Meltano Cloud by running `meltano-cloud login` in your local terminal.
> This must be the same user you provided when you signed up via the waitlist.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Login to Meltano Cloud by running `meltano-cloud login` in your local terminal.
You'll have to sign in with the same GitHub user you provided when you signed up via the waitlist.
```

  <p>Installing the Meltano Cloud <a href="#prereq-2-provide-access-to-your-repo">GitHub App</a> to your organization is a separate process from granting Meltano Cloud access to use your GitHub profile for login purposes. Both the GitHub App installation for your organization <em>and</em> the OAuth grant flow for your profile must be performed in order to have full access to Meltano Cloud functionality.</p>
</div>

### Step 3: Set default project and validate access and functionality

After logging in you can explore the interface with a few different commands.
The full list of CLI commands is in the [Cloud Docs](https://docs.meltano.com/cloud/cloud-cli).

To see Meltano Cloud projects for your organizations, run:
```console
meltano-cloud project list
```
```console
Running this command will verify that your project is connected and you're properly authenticated with Meltano Cloud.
```

You should select a project to use as default for all commands.
You can do this by running:
```console
meltano-cloud project use <project name>
```

### Step 4: Create deployments

In order for pipelines to run, they must have a [deployment](/cloud/concepts#meltano-cloud-deployments) to run in.

> To deploy a named [Meltano Environment](/concepts/environments) to Meltano Cloud, run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To deploy a named [Meltano Environment](/concepts/environments) to Meltano Cloud, run the following [command](https://docs.meltano.com/cloud/cloud-cli#deployment):
```

The above commands will install a `meltano-cloud` CLI command into your workstation.

> ### Step 2: User creation and authorization

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Login to Meltano Cloud
```

> First, create your user account by logging in via: `meltano-cloud login`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Login to Meltano Cloud by running `meltano-cloud login` in your local terminal.
This must be the same user you provided when you signed up via the waitlist.
```

> The login command will open a browser window which you can use to create your account. In the Beta, your identification and authorization will be driven by your GitHub login identity. No Meltano-specific passwords or usernames are needed, and Meltano Cloud does not have access to your personal GitHub credentials.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The login command will open a browser window which you can use to access your account. In the Beta, your identification and authorization will be driven by your GitHub login identity. No Meltano-specific passwords or usernames are needed, and Meltano Cloud does not have access to your personal GitHub credentials.
```

> While Meltano Cloud is in Beta, it may take up to one business day for your user to be fully provisioned and added to your Meltano Cloud organization. You'll be notified via email once your newly created user has been added to your organization, at which time you can logout via `meltano-cloud logout` and then log back in to have full CLI access to your organization's Meltano Cloud resources.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
I think we can delete this paragraph, right? They won't have to logout and login.

Author: Good callout, I didn't realize this but just confirmed with @magreenbaum that this is the case. Removing.

<div class="notification is-info">

>   <p>As of now, installing the Meltano Cloud <a href="#prereq-1-provide-access-to-your-repo">GitHub App</a> to your organization is a separate process from granting Meltano Cloud access to use your GitHub profile for login purposes. Both the GitHub App installation for your organization <em>and</em> the OAuth grant flow for your profile must be performed in order to have full access to Meltano Cloud functionality.</p>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  <p>Installing the Meltano Cloud <a href="#prereq-1-provide-access-to-your-repo">GitHub App</a> to your organization is a separate process from granting Meltano Cloud access to use your GitHub profile for login purposes. Both the GitHub App installation for your organization <em>and</em> the OAuth grant flow for your profile must be performed in order to have full access to Meltano Cloud functionality.</p>
```
Can we double check the link here as well

</div>

> ### Step 3: Test basic functionality

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Validate access and functionality
```

> After login, and after your user is added to your organization, you can explore the interface with a few different commands:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After logging in you can explore the interface with a few different commands. 
The full list of CLI commands is in the [Cloud Docs](https://docs.meltano.com/cloud/cloud-cli).
```

```console

> meltano-cloud history

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
meltano-cloud project list
```

> meltano-cloud schedule list
> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Running this command will verify that your project is connected and you're properly authenticated with Meltano Cloud.
```

It won't let me comment on the lines above this either...

> ### Step 5: Initialize secrets

Reviewer 2: It might be helpful to mention that secrets are what are normally added to your .env file automatically by Meltano during configuration. Might be obvious for some but not for others.

Reviewer 3: +1 to this. It came up in a user call today as well.

> TAP_GITLAB_PASSWORD
```

> ### Step 5: Run and debug your workloads

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Step 5: Run your workloads
```

> TAP_GITLAB_PASSWORD
```

### Step 6: Run your workloads

> You can invoke a schedule on-demand with the `meltano-cloud run` command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can invoke a schedule on-demand with the `meltano-cloud run` [command](/cloud/cloud-cli#run):
```

```console
meltano-cloud logs print --execution-id=ASDF1234...
```

> 

Reviewer 3: @cjohnhanson where should we have folks create a deployment? Likely before they run b/c `meltano-cloud run` requires the `--deployment` flag I believe.

Author: @tayloramurphy good callout, it's on my list of TODOs to add here before marking this PR as "ready". Just waiting on [the deployments CLI PR](https://github.com/meltano/meltano/pull/7718) to merge so I can be :100: confident on the commands and workflow.

Author: @tayloramurphy, just added this step. See latest changes: https://github.com/meltano/meltano/pull/7717/files#diff-08c41ed3fe9121e633df84a5c1e71fae5c2f11edf2726a8177e53d9e0ebdeab8R105

```console
meltano-cloud logs print --execution-id=ASDF1234...
```

### Step 7: Enable schedules

Your Meltano Cloud project's schedules are disabled by default.

> Use the `meltano-cloud schedule enable <SCHEDULE NAME>` command to enable schedules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `meltano-cloud schedule enable <SCHEDULE NAME>` [command](/cloud/cloud-cli#schedule) to enable schedules.
```
